modified checkpoint loading instructions (#2826)
adap/flower: doc/source/how-to-save-and-load-model-checkpoints.rst

    print("Loading pre-trained model from: ", latest_round_file)
    state_dict = torch.load(latest_round_file)
    net.load_state_dict(state_dict)
    state_dict_ndarrays = [v.cpu().numpy() for v in net.state_dict().values()]
    parameters = fl.common.ndarrays_to_parameters(state_dict_ndarrays)

> Return this parameter object wherever necessary, such as in the `initial_parameters` when defining a `Strategy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return/use this object of type ``Parameters`` wherever necessary, such as in the ``initial_parameters`` when defining a ``Strategy``.
```
